hansa rostock will be at home tomorrow
against the table leader Heidenheim
and that will be the top game of the
third league after the away win against
unterhaching the rostocker could yes
with a victory the relegation place for
the climb to the second league
but the team has achieved at the moment
to care
The problem of the head is red rostock
players already have this season
six times the one with acquaintances red
against mustafa kucukovic red against japan
red against milorad pekovic and respect
red again against milorad pekovic
twice red in a season of trainer
to this bird suggestion and that on it
following place reference
where you also have the team with it
weakens and that is called pico itself
it was unnecessary in the situation and
Accordingly, I have also then
because said the pico come up with something
is before I have to do something now
36 years old he is a national player and
Hot spur for his second red villa
cough up
like I said I have to pay but me
I like to do the red straff tickets
are not hansas only problem 11
eleven meters were this season already against
the team does not have a single one yet
Rostock without the goats after the
Parents and the red cards would be hansa
not only around but at the top
the environment is cooking but the trainer remains
cool maybe a small degree
maybe that's also the relative
work intensively also in the
fight and and of course what I do
that's just what I repeat now
again
we just have to do some things easily
make cleverer and cautious and
must represent if you still have one
a little stupid
the coach left though against
Rostock takes two minutes to get to osnabrück
to get an eleven-meter penalty
against Unterhaching last week only one
minute would be called 30 seconds now
I do not hope against Heidmark
we will go into the game now
that we do better and that
was not available penalty against us he gets
Goal is a certain risk
because you just have to look like you only
we can do any of our work
to meet
I 'm sure to cause life
but is it that way we said that
Avoid me in any case because so
bring us partly unnecessarily to the
the loser road the insight is there
and a very clear plan against
heidenheim that Bayern München the
third league if we are high
play intensity and yourself really
Also bring a conviction that
they can do it then
we definitely have a chance if hansa the
own eleven meters and the flood of cards stops
There is much more reason to be own
to be successful
and if you then look forward to hit
we were able to show you that, of course
tomorrow in the north magazine in one
detailed game report in the roof chair
demmer